Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Rachel: (looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Rachel: So what are you gonna do?
Rachel: You're twins?
Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)
Rachel: The lights, please..
Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.
Rachel: Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.)
Rachel: Oh.. a little..
Rachel: A lot.
Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together?
Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?
Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.)
Rachel: Barry?
Rachel: (hesitates) Are you sure?
Rachel: I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
Rachel: I dumped him.
Rachel: Oh, not much. I-I got a job.
Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned?
Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
Rachel: Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!
Rachel: Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!
Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Rachel: Okay..
Rachel: Wow.
Rachel: What?
Rachel: Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
Rachel: (on phone) Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. (Slams the phone down.) (To everyone) Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
